---
title: "Terms and Conditions"
layout: "legal"
---

<p>Eterna Capital Limited ("Eterna", "we" or "us"), would ask that you take the time to read these Terms and Conditions carefully. They explain a number of things including for example the rules covering your use of this Website as well as other information regarding your rights.</p>

<p>By using www.eternacapital.com (the "Website"), you will be confirming that you have read, understood and agree to our Website's Terms and Conditions.</p>

<p>The Website's Terms and Conditions may change and, if they do, the latest version will be available on our Website. Please note that by continuing to use our Website you are agreeing to any updated versions.</p>

<h2>1. About Us</h2>
<p>The Website is operated by us. Eterna Capital Limited is registered as a private limited company in England and Wales with company number 11236364 and registered office is 167-169 Great Portland Street, 5th Floor, London, United Kingdom, W1W 5PF.</p>

<h2>2. Your information and privacy</h2>
<p>For more details of how we will collect, use and store information relating to you, and our commitment to protecting your privacy or how we use cookies, please see our: <a href="/legal/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>

<h2>3. Website access</h2>
<p>The Website is made available to you free of charge but we cannot guarantee to you that our Website will always be available. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or temporarily change all or part of the Website without notice. For example, our Website may be unavailable for maintenance, updating or otherwise. Where this happens, we apologise for any inconvenience caused. However, we shall not be liable to you for any loss, damages or inconvenience resulting from such unavailability except where the law says otherwise.</p>

<p>We take care in seeking to present accurate, transparent and useful information to you as a user. However, there may be third-party content on this Website which is not generated by us. Therefore, we should let you know that information on this Website might be out of date, incomplete, contain some errors or/and be in some way unreliable and we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, that the content on our Website is accurate, complete or up-to-date. You should also note that the content on our Website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional advice before taking, or refraining from taking, any action on the basis of the content on our Website.</p>

<p>You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Website through your internet connection or devise are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.</p>

<p>If you have trouble using our Website with certain web browsers or software and you want us to try improving accessibility, please let us know by getting in touch. We certainly appreciate your feedback as your suggestions can help us to improve our service.</p>

<h2>4. Intellectual Property Rights</h2>
<p>All text, designs, graphics, image, audio, video, content, software, applications and information displayed on this Website, and all copyright, trade mark rights, design rights and other intellectual property rights (together, the "Proprietary Content") are the property of Eterna Capital Limited, our users, suppliers or licensors. This includes, without limitation, the organisation and lay-out of the Website and the underlying software.</p>

<p>By using the Website, you are agreeing that the Proprietary Content is available for personal use only and that you will not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish or dispose of in any way any element of the Proprietary Content. Neither the Eterna Capital Limited or Eterna Capital names nor any other trade mark, logo or design may be used or copied in any manner.</p>

<p>Proprietary Content is protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world and all such rights are reserved.</p>

<p>You must not use any part of the Proprietary Content for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.</p>

<h2>5. Viruses and malicious attacks</h2>
<p>We do not guarantee that the Website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.</p>

<p>You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes, platform in order to access the Website and you should use your own virus protection software.</p>

<p>You must not misuse the Website or knowingly introduce viruses or other material/software which is malicious or has the potential to be technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Website, the server on which the Website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Website. You must not attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990 or, if you are not accessing the Website from within the UK, the comparable legislation in the relevant jurisdictions. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identify to them to the extent permitted by the law. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Website will cease immediately.</p>

<h2>6. Limitations of liability</h2>
<p>In no event shall Eterna Capital Limited nor any of its directors, officers and employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website.</p>

<p>Please note that we only provide our Website for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Website for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.</p>

<h2>7. Linking to our Website</h2>
<p>You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Website with any website that is not owned by you.</p>

<p>Our Website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a link to any part of our Website other than the homepage.</p>

<p>We reserve the right to withdraw any link permission at any time without notice.</p>

<h2>8. Third-party links on our Website</h2>
<p>Our Website may also contain links to other third-party websites, resources, sponsorship and platforms. If you choose to access any of these links, you will be leaving the Website. Since we don't have any control over these websites, we are not responsible for the content, products, advertising or services available from them, or for any activity such as dealings or disputes that you may have in relation to those websites. Eterna Capital Limited is not liable for any loss or damage which may be suffered as a result of the use of such links and third-party websites. We would encourage you to review the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any new website you may choose to access. Please note that our Terms and Conditions as well as Privacy Policy will not be applicable to them.</p>

<p>We reserve the right to withdraw any link permission at any time without notice.</p>

<h2>9. Severability</h2>
<p>If any of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid, the remaining Terms and Conditions shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.</p>

<h2>10. Get in touch for anything else</h2>
<p>If you have any queries, comments or complaints regarding the Website or its Terms and Conditions, please get in touch.</p>
